fix(curriculum): fix issue with test in JS Todo step 13 (#55121)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/660d8ca387f989d6b25a3343.md

Your `taskObj` should have an `id` property.

```js

> assert.match(code, /const\s+taskObj\s*=\s*\{\s*("?|'?)id\1/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /const\s+taskObj\s*=\s*\{\s*("|'|)id\1/)
```
Little modification

```

> You should have a `taskObj` object with an `id` property that have the value of the `titleInput.value`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `id` property of your `taskObj` object should be set to `titleInput.value`.
```

Author: Hi @Ksound22, the updated hint doesn't tell user their object is invalid if it is the case

Author: @huyenltnguyen Line 16 only checks `id`, not the object itself (if it is properly closed by a curly bracket). I updated the regex to check the object, so I think it's needed to update the hint

Author: I've updated the hint as @Ksound22 suggestion

```js

> assert.match(code, /const\s+taskObj\s*=\s*\{\s*("?|'?)id\1\s*:\s*titleInput\.value/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /const\s+taskObj\s*=\s*\{\s*("|'|)id\1\s*:\s*titleInput\.value\s*,?\s*\}/)
```
As @zxc-w mentioned it might be good to include closing curly bracket. I've thrown in optional comma as well.
